we have here and it is that the bun
has spoken
[Music]
the things on the front
I continue thinking
and even if he comes right now and I go to the
lane and tells me the opposite I will
continue thinking what I think because it is
what I think in my opinion you understand
that I believe that objectively like that but
well
I am not a jurist or lawyer or web I
am a content creator and right now we have just
created a one hour video
in which I am debating with Emilio
judicial expert on the sentences and
convictions Ortega Cano if they condemn the child
if they condemn I don't know who and if it is a
conviction of minors or not in the end the
result also because it is not
a conviction of two or Fernando is not a
conviction of minors but what I do
is
entertain create videos create programs
you understand and then within creating
the content now in that
one hour video there will be people
who think they agree with Emilio
and there are people who agree with me
from there
there are people who agree with me and
who see it the same as me but the
important thing is that debates
each one presents their opinion without having
that selling out to what the majority
of the kid wants the majority of the audience and
Emilio don't like each other and we haven't disrespected each other he
understands what there is is what there is he
understands me but it's a
debate of different opinions and now
the people in the chat ping ping ping ping
ping ping understand me that's the point of
creating content
is the point of creating content
you have your own opinion of course
mercy
me if I didn't have my own opinion
mercy I would have said what you guys
were telling me 80 or 90 percent of the chat was
telling me that things were the way
Emilio said them if I were like those who don't
have their own opinion I would have said to
corazones azules okay yes yes yes it's
true they are bad how bad
the father of the child who denounced Ortega
Cano for money is poor Ortega Cano you
have to see how bad Rocio Carrasco is who
in the end is to blame for what
Ortega Cano has done and what
Oso Fernando has done and in the end Rocio
Carrasco's bad because she mentioned something in
the documentary that that would be what  would
satisfy the most sensible that would be
the opinion that would satisfy the
most sane at the time that Emilio went up
and the 90 of the Chas has put Javi
Cabezón how stubborn you have no idea well
I should have said there is truth many
blue hearts no it is not true it is
true that I had heard it wrong that I
had heard it wrong yes yes yes yes yes
yes the docudrama from last year has
suddenly made me change my mind
now yes yes yes yes yes what Ortega
Cano says is true and what Ose
Fernando says also knows it is a
juvenile sentence even if it is not a ruling with
lawyers even if the convicted person is not José
Fernando it is a juvenile sentence and
the bad one is Rocío Carrasco the fault of what
José Fernando and Ortega Cano have done is
Rocío Carrasco's fault Rocío Carrasco's
Rocío Carrasco bad because you have done the
same as those who with Rocío Flores get
a juvenile sentence I say that
500 to the subscribed rooms right now
but no I don't need it I earn enough
money to live I have  other topics my
topics are not only those of Mr. ería
and within Mr. Hería well my topics
are not only Rocío Carrasco Antonio
Ávila el del culo to everything that is
contrary and enemy Arroyo Carrasco I
say what I want one day I
say something else another day I laugh I say what I
think I have a good time here with you
we laugh now I'm going with the
kids I talk about Dallas I talk about
Wing Michu tomorrow I'll talk to you about Michael
Jackson then I'll show you a video in
Chipiona then I'll show you a video about
Shakira and Piqué then I'll show you a
documentary about Johnny Depp and Amber you
understand my followers are mine
and my content in Miami visits are mine
you understand no I don't depend on or rather my
money what I bill per month what I bill per month does
not depend on
whether I agree with Rocío Carrasco or I agree
with Ortega Cano
some people's money is worth it if money depends and also
money that they don't need but
greed greed and the
some people's money does depend on giving
Rocío Carrasco the right or it's not
worth it
and it's been proven there are some who when they've
started to give Rocío Carrasco a little bit of
reason they've lost
followers even the graphics are on
social play they're public they've lost
followers so they've said that I'm
earning 400,000 I was scared garage gave them to me
with bad bad bad you hit your children
you do cocaine and you've lost all the
lawsuits even the ones you've won whether it's
the graphic five thousand bucks again my
money doesn't depend on that I mean I'm
not going to talk nonsense
because talking about money seems like
nonsense to me okay but I live very peacefully I
live very peacefully and maybe I could
earn more money doing what they
do but I don't need to I don't need to
sell my principles and be that
kind of person to earn a little more
that doesn't change anything my economy
understands me we are
also already starting
to invoice through the website
kids but what I'm telling you I mean the
differences of opinion is what I
want here and above all what I
want is that
when you disagree with me you
do  like Emilio call me and you get
on a call by the way the 80 the
800 line like the one Diego has we're going to
put it it's a reality okay it's
a reality we're going to put it and
if at any point you don't agree
with me and you want to argue you
interrupt the money you interrupt the
money and they interrupt the live it's that
we're talking about money and they've
set their eyes on it like a few months
when the dollar symbol and
interrupt the live and you
contradict me and argue with me and we go on
excursions in the countryside or whatever
family it's not good if you talk about
other colleagues Pilar well you can
subscribe to my tribe channel honey it's
that I don't care Pilar I mean I love
everyone who is my people okay
by the way we're going to take advantage of this to
talk about the subject in this excerpt now
that we are here before we go
Pilar that you go if you don't like my
content Pilar you can go now look
Pilar
today you have
thousands and thousands and thousands and thousands of
channels on YouTube there are car mechanics channels there are
motorcycle mechanics channels there  There are
television channels, there
are movie channels, there are channels that talk about
Netflix series, there are
Disney channels, I recommend one called
Show It, which I love, the guy is
great, there are law channels, there are political channels, there are
social criticism channels, there are
video game channels, the channel is exclusively about
Mike, it was exclusively about Forna, there are
thousands and thousands and thousands and thousands of
channels on YouTube
that have Netflix, it has Disney Blues, you have
Rakuten, you have HP or Max, you have
Movistar, Vodafone, Orange, but
then it has Tele 5, Spanish television,
Antenna 3, Canal Sur, Telemadrid, Fit, of
all the things you have to see, so you do
n't like me, then if you don't like what I
do, which is talk about all
the toilets, whether they be about famous people on TV,
politicians, or YouTubers, okay,
in fact, my main content
is from YouTube, I'll
grab you at the door and ask you to vacuum,
but I'm not going to change my job
because you don't like it, okay, look, there
's only one reason why
someone would have a problem
with channels that criticize YouTubers,
there's only one reason
well two so the devil doesn't laugh
at the lie
2 okay one reason why you don't
want there to be channels that criticize
youtubers is because you are a youtube
that has a lot of [ __ ] and a lot of garbage and they
make a lot of mistakes or say a lot of
stupid things and you don't want there to be channels
that expose it and leave you with your ass
in the air or the second reason that you are a
sectarian fanatic of a
youtube channel is that you know that your
favorite youtube channel is [ __ ] [ __ ] and
that stupid things are said on that channel and you don't
like that there are channels that
criticize them period there is no more reason why
someone could be against
channels that talk about youtubers period it
's not that I don't like it because you don't watch it but you
're not against it the only reason why
you're against it is because
okay
the other day they screwed me over and we already closed
with hector direct and the other day they gave it to me
because a girl uploaded here we
were talking about the prosecutor and
all this stupid stuff that a
lot of toxic ladies do in the
twitter space  no and a girl uploaded who is not really a
friend of mine
but she is a colleague, an acquaintance,
things are not sent to me to clarify that she
had not sent me anything private from anyone that
she sent me screenshots and she
was informing me today alive take
click of what has been said in this
space about you take this screenshot of what has been
said in this twitter about you
ping ping ping ping okay and there were a lot of
people the next day or at night
in the morning I think she was insulting me
and disappointed in me because I
had uploaded it yes patrice is called
patricia
you can upload whoever you want and at the
time you want to Craig's live
be the same as she uploaded she uploaded to clarify she
uploaded to clarify
that she does not abandon me intimate okay
in their spaces I already know the things
that have been said well not all but I know that there will
be things that have been said
sometimes about me and that is why I had the problem
that I had but well that is already in plan me
since between you among
followers you have problems
with each other that she messes with these
followers and that she has said a lot
of  nonsense from Texas and in front and that
the other and that in their space is that I cannot
know
and I cannot know that my soul
I am in front of the camera all the time
and time with oxidant the
camera and with the little children themselves it is
that little in percentages days I think that
like 50 percent work and 50
percent family literally okay
and basically I was applying it to
acne because there is a group that in the
space of these girls well there are times when
some insult others who are friends
our lady I stole from us know
like the stamps she does not know that
I am not positioning myself on one side
or the other because I do not enter into the
wars that you have between followers
I try to avoid mine you understand
me who who who is the bad guy in the
story or whoever insults or
disrespects other people well they seem
bad to me it is not that I have said them three times
friends in the director since having a
friend it is not a saying also he told me
friend pipi estrada when he sent me the
birthday greeting they
sell from there
obviously to me my friend alan de
Texas is also a person with whom
I have a lot of contact, but I don't
even know the wars you're involved in. Do you
understand me, family? We'll leave it here
for today.
[Music]